Investment App Functional Requirements List
(Last Updated: 2/14/2021)


1. New users should be able to sign up.

2. Existing users should be able to log in/sign in.

3. Existing users should be able to log out.

4. Immediately after logging in/starting the app, the user should be able to see their simplified portfolio overview.

5. Users should have an account created or any existing accounts called and utilized to trade with upon signing up.

6. Users should be able to quickly distinguish positive and negative changes/trends (color-coding).

7. Users should be able to create a public profile page that includes some details about their investment portfolio.

8. Users should be able to control what information is displayed on their public profile page.

9. Users should be able to send referrals for the app to non-users.

10. Users should be able to see if a referral has been accepted.

11. Users should be able to find other users and connect with them.

12. Users should be able to send direct messages to other users.

13. Users should be able to search for stock options using a search bar.

14. Users should be able to search for stock options by category (Entertainment, Travel, Technology, etc.).

15. Users should be able to view a list of all stocks they have bought/sold before that includes the price that they bought at and the price they sold at.

16. Users should be able to see stock categories represented with icons/pictures.

17. Users should be able to filter search bar results based on a variety of features (including price and whether they are warrants or not).

18. Users should be able to find definitions and explanations of key investing terms.

19. Users should be able to buy/sell stocks without using real money (paper trading).

20. Users should be able to buy/sell stocks with minimal navigation (one-button buying/selling with confirmation, ideally).

21. Users should be able to view current news related to stocks, investing, and crypto-currency.

22. Users should be able to view educational material related to stocks, investing, and crypto-currency.

23. Users should be able to view real-time market data and trends for individual stocks.

24. Users should be able to see an indication on stocks they have bought/sold before.

25. Users should be able to view real-time data and trends for crypto-currency.

26. Users should be able to view reliable market forecasts.

27. Users should be able to opt-in/opt-out of alerts/notifications about new IPO offerings.

28. Users should be able to see status of other users (online, offline, away, unavailable).

29. Users should be able to choose to opt-in/opt-out of social features during account creation.

30. Users should be able to opt-in/opt-out of social features individually (set status as unavailable, disable receiving direct messages from other users, disable receiving notifications related to other users) at any time after account creation.

31. Users should be able to opt-in/opt-out of alerts/notifications about the status of their investments.

32. Users should be able to view an overview of their stock portfolio.

33. Users should be able to view a detailed view of their current and historical stock portfolio.

34. In the detailed view of their stock portfolio, users should be able to create, store, and view personal notes.

35. Users should be able to create/edit/delete lists of different stock options of their choosing.