Investment App MVP Functional Requirements List

1. New users should be able to sign up.
     Tasks: 
      Create New Account/Sign up Now Button and once clicked leads to: 
        Form to fill out to include: 
          Create UserName & Password
          First Name/Last Name
          D.O.B
          Address/City/State/Zip
          Email
          Phone number?
          Bank/Account number (for transfers & deposits)


2. Existing users should be able to log in/sign in.
    Tasks: 
      Create a LogIn Button with two input boxes that accept a Username & Password

3. Existing users should be able to log out.
    Tasks:
      Create a LogOut Button 

4. Immediately after logging in/starting the app, the user should be able to see their simplified portfolio overview.
    Tasks:
      Create a homepage/launch pad (color coded trends)
        Create a Navigation Bar
        Create a display that shows the user the total money in their investment accounts
        Create a horizontal scroller that contains:
          One 30-day performance graph for each stock the user is invested in
        Search Bar to search for specific stock
        Navigation Bar should be able to connect to:
          HomePage/Launch Pad
          My Stocks
          Browse Stocks
          Educational Material
          News
          Settings
          Log Out

5. Users should be able to find definitions and explanations of key investing terms and educational material related to stocks, investing, and crypto-currency.
    Tasks:
      Create an Educational Material Page that contains links to:
        Glossary of Investing Terms (internal page on site)
        Beginner's Guide to Investing (internal page on site)
        External Links for More Information
      Create a Glossary of Investing Terms page
        Pull data from credible sources and include links to sources
      Create an Beginner's Guide to Investing page
        Pull data from credible sources and include links to sources

6. Users should be able to buy/sell stocks without using real money (paper trading).
    Tasks:
      Create database variable for each user that holds a total of paper money
      Initialize paper money database variable for each user as $10,000? - [can be changed if desired]

7. Users should be able to view real-time market data and trends for individual stocks.
    Tasks:
      Create a page that displays information for a single stock that contains:
        Name of stock
        Price per stock
        Graph of past performance (30 days)

8. Users should be able to buy/sell stocks with minimal navigation (one-button buying/selling with confirmation, ideally).
    Tasks:
      On the page that displays information for a single stock, include:
        A "Buy Stock" button, which prompts:
          A pop-up that has a form that includes:
            An entry box for how many stocks a user wants to buy
            A display that shows the total amount of money the transaction costs (based on user input in entry box)
            A display that shows the number of total stocks the user will have after the transaction (based on user input in entry box)
            A submit button (pressing this button should prompt an alert that asks the user "Are you sure?")
        A "Sell Stock" button, which prompts:
          A pop-up that has a form that includes:
            An entry box for how many stocks a user wants to sell
            A display that shows the total amount of money the transaction will give to the user (based on user input in entry box)
            A display that shows the number of total stocks the user will have left after the transaction (based on user input in entry box)
            A submit button (pressing this button should prompt an alert that asks the user "Are you sure?")

9. Users should be able to view real-time data and trends for crypto-currency.
    Tasks:
      On the page that displays information for a single stock:
        Update the graph of past performance in real-time
      
10. Users should be able to view current news related to stocks, investing, and crypto-currency.
    Tasks:
      Create a News page that displays most recent news related to stocks, investing, and crypto-currency.
        [Should see if there are any free online databases/APIs from which we can retrieve this information]

11. Users should recieve push notifications about the status of their investments.
    Tasks:
      (Back-end task) Set up push notifications.

12. Users should be able to view an overview of their stock portfolio.
    Tasks:
      Create a My Stocks page that includes:
        A list of all stocks that a user is currently invested in
        The number of stocks of each type the user owns
        Current value of the user's stocks of each type

13. Users should be able to browse for stock options.
    Tasks:
      Create a Browse Stocks page that includes:
        A search bar that filters the list of results by name
        An alphabetized, scrollable list of all stock options that are available (only show 25 at a time)
          * This list should automatically update when user types in the search bar *
        A "show more" button that shows the next 25 stocks in the list
        